This is the beginning of the third meeting, the conceptual design meeting. our agenda should be that we're opening the meeting,. the minutes from the previous meeting are on the shared drive at this point. and we should each have a presentation to make. we have certain decisions to make. there are the decisions we have to turn to,. but we'll come back to them in a minute. after I take us to the minutes of the previous meeting. Sarah, you presented a marketing research report. which pretty much rep represented that fifteen to thirty five year olds it has to be hand-held, power, channel, volume, number keys, possibly a speech recognition. And then Steph did a second presentation. that those functions plus streamlining them with big user-friendly keys that were easy to use. Kate presented a working design of going after going over the basics on the whiteboard. that it should be a simple mass-produced device, because of the twelve and a half Pence cost. but we did talk about possibly using rechargeable batteries. and having a docking place as a selling point. we agreed that the target market would be fifteen to thirty five with more money than sense, that were decision makers. Alternatively it would be a manufacturer to enclose it with the TV,. and that the function we agreed was volume, power, numbers, enter, channels, a way to move between channels, easy to use and hand-held. at that point we agreed that Sarah would look at the current cost of competition, what what do the current ones sell for. and Steph was gonna look at ec ergonomics. Kate was gonna look at cost and feasibility of the various possibilities that we discussed.
First thing I want to address is one of the points that Florence brought up,. which was current cost of the competition devices,. and and they're twenty to sixty Euros, depending on branding. But I think that with the current price that we're searching for, we're well within, even on the lower end, of the of the market. I investigated the remote control market in greater detail,. and my the theme of what I was to work on was trend watch. fruit and veg. Spongy. And this is all over the catwalks, Paris, Milan, and I'm talking about clothing, furniture, shoes. This is really interesting change from past years,. because it is much more organic,. And I think if we're to refashion our view of what we want in a remote control, we should perhaps think about incorporating technologically interesting fabrics and some of the bold colours into a simple handset. on what again are the most important priorities in decision making about purchasing. Functional is out. And the fancy, and that's exactly the term, I'm I'm thinking polished, elegant, you know, kind of innovative, but a cut above. This is twice as important as the next finding,. which is technologically innovative. This is interesting,. 'cause I think in the last meeting we were talking about technology as being so important,. but maybe what's innovative is having it simple with with technologically superior fabrics or, you know, designed in interesting substances. Ease of use. Again, pretty low,. I mean it's the top three,. but each of the fancy and technologically innovative are far more important. I think we should cloak the streamlined remote control device in a series of fruit fruit themed sleeves.
It sounds like the the covers that they use for the remote, you know, your your cell phone.
I was thinking though that instead of having something like patterned, you know, so, you know, something similar to a summer dress. you know, it would have like fruit and veg, is that we actually make these spongy. initially I thought we could start with kind of fruit that would suit kind of a long hand-held, so banana, pineapple and pear. They could be interchangeable,. So what we're talking about is changing. this concept. Everyone has a TV remote,. but the person who is really perhaps active in personalising, I'm thinking the teenager, the someone fifteen to thirty five would go out and get this additional thing the same way as you mentioned that people would get the cell phone covers. So I really open this up to any other feedback. This spongy fruit and veg.
I I think we're gonna have some trouble when we get down to the component design on this. Spongy is gonna be difficult, I'm afraid.
And as for as for well budgeting as well, if we're gonna have lots of different interchangeable components.
We can make these things out of wood, titanium, plastic or rubber. I suppose rubber is the closest to spongy,. I was thinking titanium myself.
I have been influenced by pictures of iPods,
I think many of us would associate those with fancy. it would be a a very simple product. that would have a spongy sleeve that would be interchangeable. So
Perhaps perhaps that desi that particular suggestion needs to go back to management
W would it be helpful if I described the components a bit,
I think possibly it might be more useful if Kate went next.
I was really thinking a lot about the I the iMac kind of gel gem tone.
You're gonna be a little disappointed with some of the things I have to tell you,. I've been looking at the the basics of how these devices actually have to work in order to operate,. and I've had some discussions with the ma manufacturing division,. who have told me what's actually available, you know, what the current state of the art in components is, and some of the exciting new things they've got,. this is the innards of a remote control. and that's the the back of the interface. And this is a push-button one,. so you see these little little buttons here, they're little rubber rubber buttons. that go through onto the the board at the back. and they push these buttons here. that's the basic construction that we've got to got to accommodate. We got to have something that pushes the little buttons. that talk to the chip. that encodes the message. that sends the the message to the receiver. So first of all I wanna talk about what possibilities we've got for the energy source. we can have your bog standard double double A batteries in a replaceable little compartment. We can have a hand. a wind-up, yeah,. but i it maybe is doesn't quite go with the the fruit and veg. one that one that I think is quite interesting is the kinetic energy source,. where you you actually get the energy by moving the device,. Or we we had talked about solar power,. but I thing that we agreed that that's not so good in the dark. I'm afraid this is the options we've got on on the case. It can be made of plastic, rubber, wood if you like, or titanium. and the nearest we've got to st to spongy there I guess is rubber,. and basically it can have a flat surface, a curved surface or a double curved surface,. but I think if we wanna use standard components, we're gonna have difficulty with anything much beyond that. what does the interface look like? push button, that's that's the one we're all familiar with. we can have scroll buttons. and the the scroll button can incorporate a push,. so you can have it like on a mouse. where you can use it to go up and down, change volume or channel or something like that. and push to select something. you can have multiple scroll buttons,. And we can also incorporate an LCD display in the remote,. but this will increase the cost. the electronics that actually makes the device work, we've basically got three, simple, regular, advanced,. If we want the nice cheap one, the simple, then we can only have push buttons. pay a little bit more for a regular chip and you can have scroll buttons. And the manufacturing devision tell me that they have recently developed sample sensor sample speaker devices. I don't know what that is,. but I think they think it's quite important. I I think we've got two options. We can either go for a really cheap model,. keep all of the costs down,. Or we can have something that looks a bit nicer,. I think it, won't necessarily look like a pineapple,. but it could have an LCD screen. and it could have multiple scroll buttons,. and it could have the the company's new development of the sample sensor and speaker.
Do you have any idea if if this could if the fancy model could be done in twelve Euros fifty?
I'm afraid I don't have that information available. manufacturing didn't actually give attach any prices to any of this, I'm afraid.
So what I had been thinking was something chunky and yellow and plastic with black buttons with a logo on it. I I don't know how important that is to keep it exactly the colours of the Real Reaction company. That's before I heard about all this hot tips about the future, fruit-wise.
We we could we could do a double curved rubber one,. which would allow say a banana,. but unfortunately I see from my notes that if we do that, we have to have a push button as the interface,
I don't actually have a huge amount of different information then what Kate says,. just that my method was to look at the, well, my my inspirations,. which was a big collection of lots of different models of remote controls and other things that use a similar sort of thing, including MP three players, like you know, hi-fi remotes, not just television and these things. having a think about the feature of ea the features of each ones,. what functions we actually need,. I've been especially interested in the iPod style scroll wheel,. but it had a similar thing to this thing on the right. It has scroll wheels without without a display,. So I was thinking that a really simple a really simple interface with just a couple of scroll things on it. and then instead of a display the display could appear on the television screen. and it comes up with what's showing on that channel at the moment,. you can scroll along. and you can see what's on the other channels while you're watching the same channel on the screen. but I'm also equally taken with this chunky plastic kiddie remote,. which is really nice and fun and good to hold and nice, big, easy buttons to press,. but still quite simple and quite cost effective. what seems kind of ideal for me would be to just have a fairly simple, not fancy but not totally minimalist, I mean just pretty simple plastic, probably,. I was thinking, yellow and black,. just because that's the company's colours,. with very very few buttons, but that would correspond to a screen that would appear on the television screen, like, you know, just small along the bottom
Yeah, I'd I'd certainly support that idea.
And and I definitely support the use of plastic and or rubber. I mean titanium would be great,. but I think it might be a bit too expensive and too kinda spacey. If we're trying to keep it colourful and slightly organic, then I think titanium's too futuristic.
We can't for example have a double curved case in titanium unfortunately.
Whereas a plastic's so cheap and easy and mouldable and everything else.
And the the having the the the screen on the television screen I think is a good idea,
But as for actually arranging them let me go back to the to the picture of the kiddie one. And I quite like it,. 'cause it's just smooth and hand-held. and it's got these easily reachable buttons. so something a bit like that with buttons arranged in a kind of circle. Up, down, left, right.
Do you want scroll buttons in that as well?
I I was thinking not actually scroll, like a like mouse scroll,. like this style thing where you have up, down, left and right. And enter in the middle,. and when when you click on each one, it you can go into a new menu for that.
I think I think that's a nice clean design,
But they all have this this feature of this It's not quite a scroll wheel, but it's a kind of selection in this circle,
But we can implement it with simple push buttons,
Either a channel up and down, volume up and down, next appearing programmes up and down, and then also when you get into the different menus on the screen, it's got your things like settings and contrast up and down. So all you really need is these four buttons with the enter in the middle.
It seems that that you guys are quite keen on the plastic,. Do you think we could put it in a in a fruit colour? And have it abstract. we could call like a fruit name,
We we could actually do it in rubber instead of plastic if you'd rather if you feel if you like the spongy
I'm thinking maybe we need to be a little bit more abstract if the design constraints are so
Just something else I need to bring to your attention. This is actually the volume up and down,. but they both say on them,. so we do need to avoid little ambiguities like these. But we wouldn't have a specific volume up and down. If we're having the scroll wheel, then it's gonna double up as all the other up and down functions.
We need to come up with some specifics of the components, the materials, things like making the decision on the energy and the case and the interface type things. They want us to decide what form of energy are we going to use,. which the choices that we've discussed were pretty much battery, kinetic or solar. You were saying that the kinetic would be useful,. as opposed to a battery that you have to either put it in a recharger or keep replacing the batteries. or solar that you'd have difficulty with it if it's a dark day, that it'll die on you, and no way to do it.
Unfortunately I don't have costing information. I i in terms of workability, I I think the the two front-runners are the standard battery or the kinetic,
What's the feelings of the group on the kinetic?
I've used kinetic in terms of watches. you don't even notice that it's there.
I've never come across it before,. but it sounds fantastic. it would make the whole thing a lot lighter, more convenient. a good selling point.
So the consensus seems to be use the kinetic if it's at all possible.
But it does depend how much I mean how much it costs and how much more development and research it needs.
The next thing that they wanted us to do was look at chip on print as a decision.
Chip on print is just a manufacturing technique. and I would certainly recommend it, I think,
What about the case? I think they're talking there about do we want wood, plastic, titanium or rubber,. and I think we've discussed not having titanium. we've sort of eliminated wood. We said plastic or rubber.
Do you not think it might need like a kind of a hard plastic inner shell with the actual delicate workings inside, and then a kind of spongy Yeah, thick spongy cover,
I'd I'd need to talk to manufacturing again about whether that's actually possible,. but I agree, it's sounds like a nice idea if it is.
The next part they want is the user interface concept.
Then I'll just say I support either from a marketing point of view I support either decision that the designers make on that.
Like four buttons, up, down, left and right with enter in the middle, that will correspond to a menu on the screen. I'd like push buttons with
This is gonna sound weird,. but the next meeting starts in thirty minutes. And they actually want a look and feel design, user interface design,. Marketing they want product evaluation. the look and feel design is for Kate,. Steph gets the user interface design,. you get product evaluation. the two of you get to play with a Pla modelling clay to do a prototype. and everybody gets individual instructions in the usual way. And that's the end of this meeting.